Update setting-up-snowflake-sso.md (#1250)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/dbt-cloud/dbt-cloud-enterprise/setting-up-snowflake-sso.md

#### Invalid consent request
When clicking on the `Connect Snowflake Account` successfully redirects you to the Snowflake login page, but you receive an `Invalid consent request` error, your Snowflake user may not have access to the Snowflake role defined on the development credentials in dbt Cloud. Double-check that you have access to that role and if the role name has been correctly entered in as Snowflake is case sensitive. 

#### Server Error 500

> If you receive a 500 server error when being redirected from Snowflake back to dbt Cloud, double-check that you have whitelisted dbt Cloud's IP addresses listed [here](https://docs.getdbt.com/docs/dbt-cloud/cloud-configuring-dbt-cloud/connecting-your-database) on a Snowflake account level. Enterprise customers who have single-tenant deployments will have a different range of IP addresses (network CIDR ranges) to whitelist.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you experience a 500 server error when redirected from Snowflake to dbt Cloud, double check that you have whitelisted [dbt Cloud's IP addresses](https://docs.getdbt.com/docs/dbt-cloud/cloud-configuring-dbt-cloud/connecting-your-database) on a Snowflake account level. 

Enterprise customers who have single-tenant deployments will have a different range of IP addresses (network CIDR ranges) to whitelist.
```

* Your user might not have access to the Snowflake role defined on the development credentials in dbt Cloud. Double-check that you have access to that role and if the role name has been correctly entered in as Snowflake is case sensitive. 
* You're trying to use a role that is in the [BLOCKED_ROLES_LIST](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/oauth-partner.html#blocking-specific-roles-from-using-the-integration), such as `ACCOUNTADMIN`. 

> #### Server Error 500

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Server error 500
```
